CNV-17781: follow-up PR with fixes (#54784)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-preventing-workload-updates-during-eus-update.adoc

Updating {product-title} to the next version is a prerequisite for updating {VirtProductName}. For more details, refer to the "Updating clusters" section of the {product-title} documentation.
====

. Update {VirtProductName}.
* With the default *Automatic* approval strategy, {VirtProductName} automatically updates to the corresponding version after you update {product-title}. 
* If you use the *Manual* approval strategy, approve the pending updates by using the web console.

. Monitor the {VirtProductName} update by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get csv -n openshift-cnv
----

> . Update {VirtProductName} to every z-stream version that is available for the non-EUS minor version, monitoring each update as before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Update {VirtProductName} to every z-stream version that is available for the non-EUS minor version, monitoring each update by running the command shown in the previous step.
```
